README.md, before:

# Learning System Programming, Operating System, Concurrent System, and Distributed System
Since I could use some additional practice in C programming, will start with learning C system programming first. Then will move on to Operating System and Concurrent System contents. After that, hoping to cover Distributed System (probably in Golang but we will see).   

Main motivation to cover this materials is to build a stronger foundation in Computer Science...   

### Concepts to cover: 
 1) System Programming (In Progress)   
 2) Concurrent Systems (To be completed)   
 3) Operating Systems (To be completed)   
 4) Distributed Systems (To be completed)   


## System Programming
List of things done to learn System Programming (in C):
<br>
- Start with going over lecture notes for [Prof. Anton's System Programming Course](https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/sysprog21f/)
    - Status: In Progress
- Do the Rutgers's Programming Assignments:
    - Status: Not Started


## List of resources:

- https://codeforwin.org/c-programming-examples-exercises-solutions-beginners [Beginner C Programming Code Examples]
- http://www.it.uu.se/education/course/homepage/os/vt18/module-0/c/excercise/ [Operating System]
- https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/sysprog17s/ [System Programming]
- https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/sysprog21f/ [System Programming]
- https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse333/22su/ [System Programming]
- https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse333/ [System Programming]
- http://www.cas.mcmaster.ca/~franek/courses/se2xc3/outline.html [Comp ENG 2SH4 is equivalent to this apparently. Seems different in content coverage]
- https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/adv-ntw20s/schedule.html [Advanced Networking]
- https://github.com/illinois-cs241/coursebook [System Programming]
- https://cs.illinois.edu/academics/courses/cs241-120201 [System Programming]
- https://www.tutorialspoint.com/concurrency_in_python/index.htm [Concurrent Systems]
- https://www.tutorialspoint.com/operating_system/os_linux.htm [Operating Systems]
- [Google for "learn POSIX C programming"](https://www.google.com/search?q=learn+posix+c+programming&sxsrf=ALiCzsbQ8Gvun7WRdh4vNpucHf5EK6IwnA%3A1668913306949&ei=mph5Y8DHOb6YptQPtY2fkAM&ved=0ahUKEwjA_MjG4rv7AhU-jIkEHbXGBzIQ4dUDCA8&uact=5&oq=learn+posix+c+programming&gs_lcp=Cgxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAQAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwA0oECEEYAEoECEYYAFAAWABggAZoAXABeACAAQCIAQCSAQCYAQDIAQjAAQE&sclient=gws-wiz-serp) [Operating Systems]   
- [LinuxHint - Practical C examples for Posix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXKKNxTYYWc) [Operating Systems]
- [Prof. Ethan Blanton's System Programming Lectures](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~eblanton/course/cse410-2018-2f/) [System Programming/Operating System]
- [Prof. Ethan Blanton's Distributed Systems Lectures](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~eblanton/course/cse586-2021-0s/) [Distributed System]
- [Super Useful Operating System Textbook suggested by Prof. Ethan Blanton](./resources/operating_systems_three_easy_pieces.pdf) or alternatively [here](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/) and homework exercises [here](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/Homework/homework.html)
- [Prof. Boorzoo's Notes](http://www.cse.msu.edu/~borzoo/teaching/) [Operating Systems]   
- [System Programming course @ Illinois CS](https://github.com/illinois-cs241/coursebook)
- [System Programming course @ Rutgers CS](https://github.com/USMC1941/CS214-Rutgers)

Commit message:

Added remaining sections
Boilerplate Sections added for Operating, Concurrent, and Distributed Systems

README.md, after:

# Learning System Programming, Operating System, Concurrent System, and Distributed System
Since I could use some additional practice in C programming, will start with learning C system programming first. Then will move on to Operating System and Concurrent System contents. After that, hoping to cover Distributed System (probably in Golang but we will see).   

Main motivation to cover this materials is to build a stronger foundation in Computer Science...   

### Concepts to cover: 
 1) System Programming (In Progress)   
 2) Concurrent Systems (To be completed)   
 3) Operating Systems (To be completed)   
 4) Distributed Systems (To be completed)   


## System Programming
List of things done to learn System Programming (in C):
<br>
- Start with going over lecture notes for [Prof. Anton's System Programming Course](https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/sysprog21f/)
    - Status: In Progress
- Do the Rutgers's Programming Assignments:
    - Status: Not Started

## Operating Systems
To be done in C   
Section yet to be 🚧   

## Concurrent Systems
To be done in Python   
Section yet to be 🚧   

## Distributed Systems
To be done in Golang   
Section yet to be 🚧


## List of resources:

- https://codeforwin.org/c-programming-examples-exercises-solutions-beginners [Beginner C Programming Code Examples]
- http://www.it.uu.se/education/course/homepage/os/vt18/module-0/c/excercise/ [Operating System]
- https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/sysprog17s/ [System Programming]
- https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/sysprog21f/ [System Programming]
- https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse333/22su/ [System Programming]
- https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse333/ [System Programming]
- http://www.cas.mcmaster.ca/~franek/courses/se2xc3/outline.html [Comp ENG 2SH4 is equivalent to this apparently. Seems different in content coverage]
- https://www.inf.usi.ch/carzaniga/edu/adv-ntw20s/schedule.html [Advanced Networking]
- https://github.com/illinois-cs241/coursebook [System Programming]
- https://cs.illinois.edu/academics/courses/cs241-120201 [System Programming]
- https://www.tutorialspoint.com/concurrency_in_python/index.htm [Concurrent Systems]
- https://www.tutorialspoint.com/operating_system/os_linux.htm [Operating Systems]
- [Google for "learn POSIX C programming"](https://www.google.com/search?q=learn+posix+c+programming&sxsrf=ALiCzsbQ8Gvun7WRdh4vNpucHf5EK6IwnA%3A1668913306949&ei=mph5Y8DHOb6YptQPtY2fkAM&ved=0ahUKEwjA_MjG4rv7AhU-jIkEHbXGBzIQ4dUDCA8&uact=5&oq=learn+posix+c+programming&gs_lcp=Cgxnd3Mtd2l6LXNlcnAQAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwAzIKCAAQRxDWBBCwA0oECEEYAEoECEYYAFAAWABggAZoAXABeACAAQCIAQCSAQCYAQDIAQjAAQE&sclient=gws-wiz-serp) [Operating Systems]   
- [LinuxHint - Practical C examples for Posix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VXKKNxTYYWc) [Operating Systems]
- [Prof. Ethan Blanton's System Programming Lectures](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~eblanton/course/cse410-2018-2f/) [System Programming/Operating System]
- [Prof. Ethan Blanton's Distributed Systems Lectures](https://cse.buffalo.edu/~eblanton/course/cse586-2021-0s/) [Distributed System]
- [Super Useful Operating System Textbook suggested by Prof. Ethan Blanton](./resources/operating_systems_three_easy_pieces.pdf) or alternatively [here](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/) and homework exercises [here](https://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~remzi/OSTEP/Homework/homework.html)
- [Prof. Boorzoo's Notes](http://www.cse.msu.edu/~borzoo/teaching/) [Operating Systems]   
- [System Programming course @ Illinois CS](https://github.com/illinois-cs241/coursebook)
- [System Programming course @ Rutgers CS](https://github.com/USMC1941/CS214-Rutgers)
